physical training in our system
also somewhat different from why
accustomed to people involved in fighting
arts or just physical
development of great physical strength and weight
these are powerful arguments in hand-to-hand
scramble
but not the most important they should
accompanied by such significant
physical qualities as soon as
power endurance sharpness speed
in all these qualities strength sharpness
speed and pace power endurance on
one person goes very rare and
exercise which we will now show
allow you to develop these qualities in
complex a few words about the order
exercise to start the lines
repeat in each exercise somewhere through
two weeks when you can easily
do it is necessary to add one at a time
a week but exercise should
run at maximum speed on
maximum range of motion
got between repetitions and between
good luck exercises
this exercise is called coincidence
as you can see performer but not squat
picks up his legs and falls sharply
to the full depth reaching the bottom
a line without delay powerful push legs
comes out again the top rack
here he wring out his fists on the batter
fist surface about this we say
later here on all five fingers
paying attention then to 4 fingers hno3
and so on I pay attention that the nails
should be straight
work to the full amplitude
here the performer shrinks in three fingers
and wrung out on the tourist frame brush
again straighten elbow to the end
now transitions from the back of the hand
on food the surface of the fist and
worked out the back in general back
body surfaces like that
deflections now shutter speed is so
seconds how many repetitions we do on
exercise now it's time to work
front surface of the body first
queue abdominals
horizontal scissors leg turns
more precisely the rotation of the legs horizontal
scissors twisted legs rotation
right and left you need to lean your hands
in the back you can keep balance
hand -drawn vertical scissors
in this exercise the main thing is not to tear off
arm off the floor except the load on the abdominal
the press is very good break
spinal flexibility developed
here is the same compatibility load
on came press is being worked out
spine socks need to try
get to the floor behind the head here and you can
pull out
forward can be lowered down on this
exercise you need to get a new one between
feet elbows further as to measure
Improvements in physical condition
get alternately right and left
elbow or twist the body
on exercise during this exercise
the main thing is not to keep the elbows in the asset
to be widely divorced
Completed complex with godparents
jumps
rotating the brushes right and left with
desire once clenching fists
as you can see in three minutes the performer
got a load on all the ligament muscles and
cardiovascular joints and
respiratory systems not inferior
loads from one hour jogging
the mouse massaged all the internal
organs
developed all skeletal joints
including the spine